README.md, before:

## gorilla/feeds
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/gorilla/feeds?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/gorilla/feeds) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gorilla/feeds.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gorilla/feeds)

feeds is a web feed generator library for generating RSS, Atom and JSON feeds from Go
applications.

### Goals

 * Provide a simple interface to create both Atom & RSS 2.0 feeds
 * Full support for [Atom][atom], [RSS 2.0][rss], and [JSON Feed Version 1][jsonfeed] spec elements
 * Ability to modify particulars for each spec

[atom]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4287
[rss]: http://www.rssboard.org/rss-specification
[jsonfeed]: https://jsonfeed.org/version/1

### Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "log"
    "time"
    "github.com/gorilla/feeds"
)

func main() {
    now := time.Now()
    feed := &feeds.Feed{
        Title:       "jmoiron.net blog",
        Link:        &feeds.Link{Href: "http://jmoiron.net/blog"},
        Description: "discussion about tech, footie, photos",
        Author:      &feeds.Author{Name: "Jason Moiron", Email: "jmoiron@jmoiron.net"},
        Created:     now,
    }

    feed.Items = []*feeds.Item{
        &feeds.Item{
            Title:       "Limiting Concurrency in Go",
            Link:        &feeds.Link{Href: "http://jmoiron.net/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/"},
            Description: "A discussion on controlled parallelism in golang",
            Author:      &feeds.Author{Name: "Jason Moiron", Email: "jmoiron@jmoiron.net"},
            Created:     now,
        },
        &feeds.Item{
            Title:       "Logic-less Template Redux",
            Link:        &feeds.Link{Href: "http://jmoiron.net/blog/logicless-template-redux/"},
            Description: "More thoughts on logicless templates",
            Created:     now,
        },
        &feeds.Item{
            Title:       "Idiomatic Code Reuse in Go",
            Link:        &feeds.Link{Href: "http://jmoiron.net/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/"},
            Description: "How to use interfaces <em>effectively</em>",
            Created:     now,
        },
    }

    atom, err := feed.ToAtom()
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    rss, err := feed.ToRss()
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    json, err := feed.ToJSON()
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    fmt.Println(atom, "\n", rss, "\n", json)
}
```

Outputs:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <title>jmoiron.net blog</title>
  <link href="http://jmoiron.net/blog"></link>
  <id>http://jmoiron.net/blog</id>
  <updated>2013-01-16T03:26:01-05:00</updated>
  <summary>discussion about tech, footie, photos</summary>
  <entry>
    <title>Limiting Concurrency in Go</title>
    <link href="http://jmoiron.net/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/"></link>
    <updated>2013-01-16T03:26:01-05:00</updated>
    <id>tag:jmoiron.net,2013-01-16:/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/</id>
    <summary type="html">A discussion on controlled parallelism in golang</summary>
    <author>
      <name>Jason Moiron</name>
      <email>jmoiron@jmoiron.net</email>
    </author>
  </entry>
  <entry>
    <title>Logic-less Template Redux</title>
    <link href="http://jmoiron.net/blog/logicless-template-redux/"></link>
    <updated>2013-01-16T03:26:01-05:00</updated>
    <id>tag:jmoiron.net,2013-01-16:/blog/logicless-template-redux/</id>
    <summary type="html">More thoughts on logicless templates</summary>
    <author></author>
  </entry>
  <entry>
    <title>Idiomatic Code Reuse in Go</title>
    <link href="http://jmoiron.net/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/"></link>
    <updated>2013-01-16T03:26:01-05:00</updated>
    <id>tag:jmoiron.net,2013-01-16:/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/</id>
    <summary type="html">How to use interfaces &lt;em&gt;effectively&lt;/em&gt;</summary>
    <author></author>
  </entry>
</feed>

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rss version="2.0">
  <channel>
    <title>jmoiron.net blog</title>
    <link>http://jmoiron.net/blog</link>
    <description>discussion about tech, footie, photos</description>
    <managingEditor>jmoiron@jmoiron.net (Jason Moiron)</managingEditor>
    <pubDate>2013-01-16T03:22:24-05:00</pubDate>
    <item>
      <title>Limiting Concurrency in Go</title>
      <link>http://jmoiron.net/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/</link>
      <description>A discussion on controlled parallelism in golang</description>
      <pubDate>2013-01-16T03:22:24-05:00</pubDate>
    </item>
    <item>
      <title>Logic-less Template Redux</title>
      <link>http://jmoiron.net/blog/logicless-template-redux/</link>
      <description>More thoughts on logicless templates</description>
      <pubDate>2013-01-16T03:22:24-05:00</pubDate>
    </item>
    <item>
      <title>Idiomatic Code Reuse in Go</title>
      <link>http://jmoiron.net/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/</link>
      <description>How to use interfaces &lt;em&gt;effectively&lt;/em&gt;</description>
      <pubDate>2013-01-16T03:22:24-05:00</pubDate>
    </item>
  </channel>
</rss>

{
  "version": "https://jsonfeed.org/version/1",
  "title": "jmoiron.net blog",
  "home_page_url": "http://jmoiron.net/blog",
  "description": "discussion about tech, footie, photos",
  "author": {
    "name": "Jason Moiron"
  },
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "",
      "url": "http://jmoiron.net/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/",
      "title": "Limiting Concurrency in Go",
      "summary": "A discussion on controlled parallelism in golang",
      "date_published": "2013-01-16T03:22:24.530817846-05:00",
      "author": {
        "name": "Jason Moiron"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "",
      "url": "http://jmoiron.net/blog/logicless-template-redux/",
      "title": "Logic-less Template Redux",
      "summary": "More thoughts on logicless templates",
      "date_published": "2013-01-16T03:22:24.530817846-05:00"
    },
    {
      "id": "",
      "url": "http://jmoiron.net/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/",
      "title": "Idiomatic Code Reuse in Go",
      "summary": "How to use interfaces \u003cem\u003eeffectively\u003c/em\u003e",
      "date_published": "2013-01-16T03:22:24.530817846-05:00"
    }
  ]
}
```

Commit message:

Update README to reflect fork goals

README.md, after:

## gmemstr/feeds
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/gorilla/feeds?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/gorilla/feeds)

feeds is a web feed generator library for generating RSS, Atom and JSON feeds from Go
applications.

This is a fork by gmemstr which aims to make feeds more "podcast-centered". Essentially making 
things like optional iTunes tags work properly. 

### Goals

 * Provide a simple interface to create both Atom & RSS 2.0 feeds
 * Full support for [Atom][atom], [RSS 2.0][rss], and [JSON Feed Version 1][jsonfeed] spec elements
 * Ability to modify particulars for each spec

[atom]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4287
[rss]: http://www.rssboard.org/rss-specification
[jsonfeed]: https://jsonfeed.org/version/1

### Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "log"
    "time"
    "github.com/gorilla/feeds"
)

func main() {
    now := time.Now()
    feed := &feeds.Feed{
        Title:       "jmoiron.net blog",
        Link:        &feeds.Link{Href: "http://jmoiron.net/blog"},
        Description: "discussion about tech, footie, photos",
        Author:      &feeds.Author{Name: "Jason Moiron", Email: "jmoiron@jmoiron.net"},
        Created:     now,
    }

    feed.Items = []*feeds.Item{
        &feeds.Item{
            Title:       "Limiting Concurrency in Go",
            Link:        &feeds.Link{Href: "http://jmoiron.net/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/"},
            Description: "A discussion on controlled parallelism in golang",
            Author:      &feeds.Author{Name: "Jason Moiron", Email: "jmoiron@jmoiron.net"},
            Created:     now,
        },
        &feeds.Item{
            Title:       "Logic-less Template Redux",
            Link:        &feeds.Link{Href: "http://jmoiron.net/blog/logicless-template-redux/"},
            Description: "More thoughts on logicless templates",
            Created:     now,
        },
        &feeds.Item{
            Title:       "Idiomatic Code Reuse in Go",
            Link:        &feeds.Link{Href: "http://jmoiron.net/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/"},
            Description: "How to use interfaces <em>effectively</em>",
            Created:     now,
        },
    }

    atom, err := feed.ToAtom()
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    rss, err := feed.ToRss()
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    json, err := feed.ToJSON()
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    fmt.Println(atom, "\n", rss, "\n", json)
}
```

Outputs:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <title>jmoiron.net blog</title>
  <link href="http://jmoiron.net/blog"></link>
  <id>http://jmoiron.net/blog</id>
  <updated>2013-01-16T03:26:01-05:00</updated>
  <summary>discussion about tech, footie, photos</summary>
  <entry>
    <title>Limiting Concurrency in Go</title>
    <link href="http://jmoiron.net/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/"></link>
    <updated>2013-01-16T03:26:01-05:00</updated>
    <id>tag:jmoiron.net,2013-01-16:/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/</id>
    <summary type="html">A discussion on controlled parallelism in golang</summary>
    <author>
      <name>Jason Moiron</name>
      <email>jmoiron@jmoiron.net</email>
    </author>
  </entry>
  <entry>
    <title>Logic-less Template Redux</title>
    <link href="http://jmoiron.net/blog/logicless-template-redux/"></link>
    <updated>2013-01-16T03:26:01-05:00</updated>
    <id>tag:jmoiron.net,2013-01-16:/blog/logicless-template-redux/</id>
    <summary type="html">More thoughts on logicless templates</summary>
    <author></author>
  </entry>
  <entry>
    <title>Idiomatic Code Reuse in Go</title>
    <link href="http://jmoiron.net/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/"></link>
    <updated>2013-01-16T03:26:01-05:00</updated>
    <id>tag:jmoiron.net,2013-01-16:/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/</id>
    <summary type="html">How to use interfaces &lt;em&gt;effectively&lt;/em&gt;</summary>
    <author></author>
  </entry>
</feed>

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rss version="2.0">
  <channel>
    <title>jmoiron.net blog</title>
    <link>http://jmoiron.net/blog</link>
    <description>discussion about tech, footie, photos</description>
    <managingEditor>jmoiron@jmoiron.net (Jason Moiron)</managingEditor>
    <pubDate>2013-01-16T03:22:24-05:00</pubDate>
    <item>
      <title>Limiting Concurrency in Go</title>
      <link>http://jmoiron.net/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/</link>
      <description>A discussion on controlled parallelism in golang</description>
      <pubDate>2013-01-16T03:22:24-05:00</pubDate>
    </item>
    <item>
      <title>Logic-less Template Redux</title>
      <link>http://jmoiron.net/blog/logicless-template-redux/</link>
      <description>More thoughts on logicless templates</description>
      <pubDate>2013-01-16T03:22:24-05:00</pubDate>
    </item>
    <item>
      <title>Idiomatic Code Reuse in Go</title>
      <link>http://jmoiron.net/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/</link>
      <description>How to use interfaces &lt;em&gt;effectively&lt;/em&gt;</description>
      <pubDate>2013-01-16T03:22:24-05:00</pubDate>
    </item>
  </channel>
</rss>

{
  "version": "https://jsonfeed.org/version/1",
  "title": "jmoiron.net blog",
  "home_page_url": "http://jmoiron.net/blog",
  "description": "discussion about tech, footie, photos",
  "author": {
    "name": "Jason Moiron"
  },
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "",
      "url": "http://jmoiron.net/blog/limiting-concurrency-in-go/",
      "title": "Limiting Concurrency in Go",
      "summary": "A discussion on controlled parallelism in golang",
      "date_published": "2013-01-16T03:22:24.530817846-05:00",
      "author": {
        "name": "Jason Moiron"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "",
      "url": "http://jmoiron.net/blog/logicless-template-redux/",
      "title": "Logic-less Template Redux",
      "summary": "More thoughts on logicless templates",
      "date_published": "2013-01-16T03:22:24.530817846-05:00"
    },
    {
      "id": "",
      "url": "http://jmoiron.net/blog/idiomatic-code-reuse-in-go/",
      "title": "Idiomatic Code Reuse in Go",
      "summary": "How to use interfaces \u003cem\u003eeffectively\u003c/em\u003e",
      "date_published": "2013-01-16T03:22:24.530817846-05:00"
    }
  ]
}
```
